Feat: Footnotes (#495)
layer5io/docs: content/en/kanvas/reference/contributing-to-docs.md

```

Next level leggings before they sold out, PBR&B church-key shaman echo park. Kale chips occupy godard whatever pop-up freegan pork belly selfies. Gastropub Belinda subway tile woke post-ironic seitan. Shabby chic man bun semiotics vape, chia messenger bag plaid cardigan.

#### Header 4

* This is an unordered list following a header.
* This is an unordered list following a header.
* This is an unordered list following a header.

##### Header 5

1. This is an ordered list following a header.
2. This is an ordered list following a header.
3. This is an ordered list following a header.

###### Header 6

| What      | Follows         |
|-----------|-----------------|
| A table   | A header        |
| A table   | A header        |
| A table   | A header        |

----------------

There's a horizontal rule above and below this.

----------------

Here is an unordered list:

* Liverpool F.C.
* Chelsea F.C.
* Manchester United F.C.

And an ordered list:

1. Michael Brecker
2. Seamus Blake
3. Branford Marsalis

And an unordered task list:

* [x] Create a Hugo theme
* [x] Add task lists to it
* [ ] Take a vacation

And a "mixed" task list:

* [ ] Pack bags

> * ?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Don’t forget your passport!
```

If a table is too wide, it should scroll horizontally.

| Artist            | Album           | Year | Label       | Awards   | Songs     |
|-------------------|-----------------|------|-------------|----------|-----------|
| Michael Jackson   | Thriller        | 1982 | Epic Records | Grammy Award for Album of the Year, American Music Award for Favorite Pop/Rock Album, American Music Award for Favorite Soul/R&B Album, Brit Award for Best Selling Album, Grammy Award for Best Engineered Album, Non-Classical | Wanna Be Startin' Somethin', Baby Be Mine, The Girl Is Mine, Thriller, Beat It, Billie Jean, Human Nature, P.Y.T. (Pretty Young Thing), The Lady in My Life |
| Prince            | Purple Rain     | 1984 | Warner Brothers Records | Grammy Award for Best Score Soundtrack for Visual Media, American Music Award for Favorite Pop/Rock Album, American Music Award for Favorite Soul/R&B Album, Brit Award for Best Soundtrack/Cast Recording, Grammy Award for Best Rock Performance by a Duo or Group with Vocal | Let's Go Crazy, Take Me With U, The Beautiful Ones, Computer Blue, Darling Nikki, When Doves Cry, I Would Die 4 U, Baby I'm a Star, Purple Rain |

> | Beastie Boys      | License to Ill  | 1986 | Mercury Records | noawardsbutthistablecelliswide | Rhymin & Stealin, The New Style, She's Crafty, Posse in Effect, Slow Ride, Girls, (You Gotta) Fight for Your Right, No Sleep Till Brooklyn, Paul Revere, Hold It Now, Hit It, Brass Monkey, Slow and Low, Time to Get Ill |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Beastie Boys      | License to Ill  | 1986 | Mercury Records | No awards, but this table cell is wide | Rhymin & Stealin, The New Style, She's Crafty, Posse in Effect, Slow Ride, Girls, (You Gotta) Fight for Your Right, No Sleep Till Brooklyn, Paul Revere, Hold It Now, Hit It, Brass Monkey, Slow and Low, Time to Get Ill |
```
